All right.
So the next feature we're going to work on is make these categories clickable.
So when you click on the category, you want to fit all the posts that belongs to this category.
Let me show you the finished application to you can see we have a list of categories.
If I click on Node, you'll see there are two posts that has this category note.
So if you if you choose the category, when you're creating a post like this, create note.
That means when these categories are clicked, we will display this post.
All right.
So for example.
JavaScript doesn't have any react.
Has one node has to hosting and has one so on.
So this is how we're going to implement the categories feature here.
Categories make them clickable.
All right.
So let's go to let's go to the back end first.
So we have to create the endpoint that will give us all the boost for any given category.
So year round category, it's create a new round surrounding.
Don't get to make a great request to this endpoint.
We can call it post by category and we need to give the category slope category and category slug,
whatever that is.
See, and I guess obviously we're going to use slug because slugs, I use it ishow friendly for example
here when you click on Node.js.
We didn't have the page yet.
You can see you'd notice that it's a friendly user friendly instead of having some kind of a category
I.D..
Right.
So we use slot.
So post by category slug and then we can call it post by post by category.
So let's import this one from him.
Well, technically, we could put it in the Bush Journal, but it doesn't really matter.
All looks good.
It's right.
This one in our control category.
Let's make sure I have imported the postman from.
All right, so we import post mortem.
Let's now clear this control function.
Export counts posts by category equals to shoot straight gets.
So here.
What do you want to do?
If we want to first access the request Korean slow because based on that slogan we need to find the
carrier.
Right?
So we find the slug from the request front and then we try to find the category.
So we need to find the category first seconds.
Category equals two weight category model find one.
So we use find one because we just need to find that particular category to find one based on the slope.
Find one based on the slope.
Right?
So once you find that category, we can use that category's ID to find the post.
Then we have this line, find the post based on the categories because you can see these categories
are raised in the post model.
So we find post all the post based on the categories.
That is the category
category on this slide.
Okay.
So if you remember, we have the categories array for each post mortem and then in that array we are
storing the category ID.
So that means if we give that value and try to find out the post based of the categories that will give
us all the post that is found for these given categories.
So with that we can return the post.
But before we do that, let's use some populate.
So we want to populate image
so that we can show the post image and then that is all we need to do.
Now you can always use limit for example, let's say between.
Okay.
If you have too many proofs in your database, then you may want to limit like this.
And then response version posts, that's all.
So that's how we can access the posts by category.
Now, if you if you know the slogan, if you're going to focus on Node.js, I can actually even try
from the project API less posts by category slash if I give the right slide.
That will give me all the post that is found in that.
No, just category two.
That's one.
Two, three, four, five, six.
I think this is not right.
I think notice Carnegie, you don't have all this --.
Let me see what's going on here.
Actually we may have.
The reason I've thought about that is because I was playing around with this finished project, and
this project has only to push for the node category, but obviously it's a different project we are
building locally, so that must be right.
So we must might have all these boost.
All right.
So we have done, you know, bagging part.
Now let's go to the front end and start working on that page, which would be less categories, less
slow.